hi all friends appvideoreview can't handle the pooh they are ovid
today I want to show you what will be the novelties from the four signature egg. 2
then I installed the beta 3 on my aifon 4
and I can tell you that the battery consumption is say at level 4. 1 -
quite good
and for the rest there is on the phone the state is absolutely unalterable 4. 1
let's see what the functions are
let's start from eprint
air print a white plains printing service
and that it will be possible to use directly from our help and print
images little word page
by clicking on this print button we will be able to choose the printer that
will have to be a compatible printer then a conceptual printer st
integrated
does not work with sharing as an estimate of costs x so how to see none
printer found even though I shared one we give the left drug
so you will have to buy a printer with
Conci can explain it if you want
use this function
we can obviously choose the number of copies
and once finished creamy print
the laces see this item is also within the browser
by clicking on this rustic house that used to be the most
immediately after sticcon first because it prints
since we are the broswer I want to show
novelty of search in the pages because perugia typing a word I want
look for tg1 in this case
to slide it down like this
we will find mocking corsair in this page finds tg1
we understand each other
and we see that all the words in this case will be highlighted in yellow
fast with those words that we are looking for in us
as of the lower pea status it will come
in the modified extras it is possible to go ahead with results
or
click on end to return a normal navigation bar
The time of the hypotheses we women settings
let's start with sounds
the first novelty is the possibility of deactivating the policy of history
with the volume keys
for example, now I have lost a fool
and as you can see if I in the springboard and click on the volume keys
will be modified to rubella as it happens to defoult normally in any anfo
the firmware
instead they deactivate the stations
and exiting the year from the settings application
if I try to amplify the volume as you see, the writing on will not appear
average
but not too much arguing with me within the applications that
take advantage of phone sound
this function came very useful especially for those who make problems
and that maybe I'll kill you family
only one do not vote
introduction of new ringtones in text messages
let me hear some
photo
Hello
me
I'm a little too long rsna reports a text message but anyway
therefore they are not ugly
it's up to you the choice as you see are also divided into new ones and it's who it is
original
and we can also choose no story
in addition, the note option has been added
within the settings we can then choose the note strength e
obviously the singing of defolt
I'll show you some free photos I set this good
Let's check
as you can see there is this particular door
now let's try to change we put helvetica
and how do you see different photo than before
watch over even the last uses
ediltutto
this is the original font of the previous film ur401
death Note
ok another life
entry of restrictions
within the settings have been enriched
has been inserted the possibility of satirical installation which I am from
epilation e
multiplayer and the possibility of adding friends also in the center
about yesterday center I want to show you a little novelty introduced in
appstore for example looking for a game
compatible origin center in this case enigmo
as you can see
here this little teen center logo appears
is that we will confirm this lumen center compatible application
as you can also see the religion of the vowels changing slightly now
different is blue
instead in the red
and another thing I wanted to show images
is the possibility of
make a video promoter
on Youtube.
first in hd but this is a function has already been added from 401
you want to see this the possibility of setting up a video as an audience
not listed or private
this function was not present before the firmware
well I think I showed you everything
I repeat that this is a beta version so it is absolutely not heard
from bank
the official exit should be around
in early November - November
however I will update you with an article on the site as soon as the
psvita
and read remember that to install the beta versions of figure
where to see apple server registration code otherwise peter's is from
a phone locked green chief inspected emergency calls
nice guys who thank you for watching this video
to invest in our youtube channel follow us on facebook and on twitter avoid
the use of two www.appvideoreview.net
hello everyone the next